Updated README.MD, configuration files, and revamped docker-compose setup (#1)
vrtmrz/self-hosted-livesync-server-tailscale: README.MD

> # A patched 'CouchDB docker-compose setup for Self-hosted LiveSync with Tailscale funnel' fork

Reviewer: Very fine document!
However, this document will be a new README. Not a patch. It is okay to be more confident! Please make a revision for the expressions!

Author: Got it, not a patch. Following original template:
```suggestion
# CouchDB docker-compose setup for Self-hosted LiveSync with Tailscale's funnel service
```
